README.markdown, before:

# Redmine Close Issue button

## Introduction

Plugin that places "Close issue" button into contextual toolbar of shown issue.

This button acts as typical "Update" form submittion and shown when:

 * User allowed to close issue.

 * Issue is not already closed nor rejected.

## Screenshot

![Contextual toolbar of Redmine issue](https://github.com/Undev/redmine_close_button/raw/master/screenshot.png "Contextual toolbar of Redmine issue")

## Compatibility

Tested with Redmine 1.0.2, 1.0.5.

## Installation

Download the sources and put them to your vendor/plugins folder.

    $ cd {REDMINE_ROOT}
    $ git clone git://github.com/Undev/redmine_close_button.git vendor/plugins/redmine_close_button

Restart Redmine and have a fun!

## Translations

- en by Akzhan Abdulin
- ru by Akzhan Abdulin
- fr by Sylvain Lasnier
- pt by José Trancas
- bg by Ivan Cenov
- de by aceman3000
- pl by Piotrek Okoński
- sv by Calle Wolff

Contributions are welcome!

## Changelog

### 0.0.3

- Plugin now hooks issue page instead of replacing of template to be compatible with later versions of Redmine
- New translations added

### 0.0.2

- New translations added
- Home has been moved to [Undev organization repository](https://github.com/Undev/redmine_close_button)

### 0.0.1

- First public release

Commit message:

Tested with Redmine 0.9.6, 1.1.0. It doesn't support custom issue statuses yet.

README.markdown, after:

# Redmine Close Issue button

## Introduction

Plugin that places "Close issue" button into contextual toolbar of shown issue.

This button acts as typical "Update" form submittion and shown when:

 * User allowed to close issue.

 * Issue is not already closed nor rejected.

## Screenshot

![Contextual toolbar of Redmine issue](https://github.com/Undev/redmine_close_button/raw/master/screenshot.png "Contextual toolbar of Redmine issue")

## Compatibility

Tested with Redmine 0.9.6, 1.0.2, 1.0.5, 1.1.0. It doesn't support custom issue statuses yet.

## Installation

Download the sources and put them to your vendor/plugins folder.

    $ cd {REDMINE_ROOT}
    $ git clone git://github.com/Undev/redmine_close_button.git vendor/plugins/redmine_close_button

Restart Redmine and have a fun!

## Translations

- en by Akzhan Abdulin
- ru by Akzhan Abdulin
- fr by Sylvain Lasnier
- pt by José Trancas
- bg by Ivan Cenov
- de by aceman3000
- pl by Piotrek Okoński
- sv by Calle Wolff

Contributions are welcome!

## Changelog

### 0.0.3

- Plugin now hooks issue page instead of replacing of template to be compatible with later versions of Redmine
- New translations added

### 0.0.2

- New translations added
- Home has been moved to [Undev organization repository](https://github.com/Undev/redmine_close_button)

### 0.0.1

- First public release
